# OC-LuaAssemblerAn generic assembler made for open computers. (Made to make C-like languages or any language really for OC) Plans to port this to CC is undetermined.# Why?The main purpose of LA is to make a very generic x86-like assembly language that can be used to make other compilers.For example, the main motivation of this project was to recreate C/C++ in OC, with little overhead and with efficieny. # How to contributeBecause the project is so early, I need to have a basic structure. Will be updated in the future# Roadmap1. Have an idea of what the language will look & work like2. Make a simple foundation to interpret the language3. Focus on efficiency4. Define file standards(eg: libraries, should the assembler make one file as the output or multiple)5. Language padding(Make life easier for making a language such as C/C++)# SpecificsLA will have a C/C++ context(eg: header files)Files:* .lua = compiled "binary"* .asm = source file* .asmh = header/include file# TODO* File structure* Standard stuff(eg: registers, special registers(files, stdout, etc), etc)# What do I need to know to contribute?* Lua* Basic compiler ideology* C/C++ experience(optional)* **Very** basic assembly knowledge### What it will (probably) look like#### default.lld    ; default.lld example ;    __MAIN: ; Declare the "main function" of the linker    start main! ; declares the "entry point" of the program ;    GLOBAL DEFAULT_LINKER! ; declares a "macro" or global variable that will be pre defined ;    set OPTIMIZATION 0! ; Optimizations for higher level languages, assume none for default ;        INFO:    ; Contain information related to the software ;    ; eg: set LANGUAGE "C" ;    set LANGUAGE "default"!    set VERSION "0.0"!    set VERSION_ASM_NUM_MAJOR 0!! ; !! has the same effect as GLOBAL, specifically for variables ;    set VERSION_ASM_NUM_MINOR 0!! ; eg: printf("version major: %d", VERSION_ASM_NUM_MAJOR)\; in C ;        RET SUCCESS!#### hello_world.lasm    init:	alloc hw, "Hello World!"!    main: ; declare main entry point ;    ; [func] [dest], [src] ;    mov stdout, hw! ; prints "Hello World!" into the console. Does *not* print a newline.